it's not a guaranteed way to win anymore
you have to be more proactive you have
to have that we asked the question your
sleigh was fanatics rain over the sides
against at copenhagen wolves stamping
the fuck that was a flash yeah you don't
have an unlimited use of that spell my
friend and nobody thought nobody saw it
come on come on nobody's miss click miss
click guys I think your brain rules are
the greatest team in the world oh you
would I mean worse you know it's also
why do right up here will I made you
actually did that your answer price is
quite a lot like yeah there it is tweet
us at LOL e-sports use the hashtag sk
win or use the hashtag ROC quick to see
who Ben barres the most and who will
come out victorious but otherwise I mean
s care just such a smart team they can
just do some much more he's got assault
and battery available he's charging he
goes in a wax
with the timing Oh a few fights then it
was basically over for them dr. coming
into play here so you know the up and
comers they got knocked down a couple
pegs that did that it's still for unique
on zoloft fierro is he going back gonna
go back and look at the game and say
okay maybe we need a bit more pressure
in this mid game instead of picking the
Oriana into the kassadin how does it
really feel to get that first
all-important win in the LCS okay I
think I'm & M so M all right excellent
stuff thank you very much Riedel troll
and then GSF just that's kind of nice
but like right like it doesn't really
actually matter in the stage for our
next match so don't go anywhere
even with the wolf I see them then
there's the mist away one hit I will
call it a try though they know what
their goal is they're trying to take out
Keith but sense team liquid are thus far
ahead it's almost impossible for them to
get past that front oh you know he
spells LOL with the blocks yep attention
cali photos no he's outnumbered here
jumps in any way takes a bunch of damage
but oh nice pop seal spams couple of
emotes goes up to his name on Benny's
house that's true especially now that
the stalkers blade slow has been reduced
with someone else guaranteed somebody
else is in there with you so you always
will get some value out of that
skirmishers blade yeah that was kind of
recycled one of those so it's all new
strategic diversity oh wow you have to
the hatches I had to just throw the
words out there cuz nice love buzz word
oh yeah poster to diversity let's
retreat of diversity Chris retreated
reverse kind of had a group of players
that didn't really sorry my HTC phone is
ringing yeah well it's sometimes it
happens maybe you should have fun not
find any gameplay the other AP bleeder
yeah i think the the quote Rex I is a
girl i clarify that if i say it wrong I
am wrong because Rex I is a girl and she
is bent so is Ben yep
flying together communicating like a lot
more yeah all right well thank you very
much Apollo congratulations on the win
let's send it back to the guys at the
animals desk I feel bad about saying
this but they gave sheep as the
sacrificial lamb to Baron in order to
gain it
I get I feel really bad about it
sometimes when you go for the 50-50
you're a winter fox sometimes you're a
loser Fox it just depends on who's there
and how aggressive you played just learn
to be friends of everybody on the team
and work together and I think I grow a
lot yeah I think I think you trolling me
now all right